Update documentation to include db_type (#535)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/usage.md

`kraken2` will be run twice even though only having a single 'dedicated' database because specifying `bracken` implies first running `kraken2` on the `bracken` database, as required by `bracken`.

```csv

> tool,db_name,db_params,db_type,db_path

Reviewer: Myabe give a second example without the `db_type` column

Author: Added this for malt.

`kraken2` will be run twice even though only having a single 'dedicated' database because specifying `bracken` implies first running `kraken2` on the `bracken` database, as required by `bracken`.

```csv
tool,db_name,db_params,db_type,db_path
malt,malt85,-id 85,short,/<path>/<to>/malt/testdb-malt/

> malt,malt95,-id 90,,/<path>/<to>/malt/testdb-malt.tar.gz

Reviewer: I think if the column is in, it has to be filled (@LilyAnderssonLee do you remember). If you want both you need short;long as befote.

See my comment below about what I had actually meant

Reviewer 2: Yes, if the `db_type` column is included in the database.csv, it should be filled with one of the following values: `short, long, or short;long`. If the `db_type` column is missing from the database.csv, it will take the default `short;long`.

Author: I have updated the PR based on your comments.

bracken,db1,;-r 150,short,/<path>/<to>/bracken/testdb-bracken.tar.gz
kraken2,db2,--quick,short,/<path>/<to>/kraken2/testdb-kraken2.tar.gz
krakenuniq,db3,,short;long,/<path>/<to>/krakenuniq/testdb-krakenuniq.tar.gz
centrifuge,db1,,short,/<path>/<to>/centrifuge/minigut_cf.tar.gz
metaphlan,db1,,short,/<path>/<to>/metaphlan/metaphlan_database/
motus,db_mOTU,,long,/<path>/<to>/motus/motus_database/
ganon,db1,,short,/<path>/<to>/ganon/test-db-ganon.tar.gz
kmcp,db1,;-I 20,short,/<path>/<to>/kmcp/test-db-kmcp.tar.gz

> ```

Reviewer: Add a second csv example block but without the db_type column (essentially the one from before you edited).

Sorry this is what I meant before about having an example without this

Author: I updated the PR with two example blocks.

| `db_params` | Any parameters of the given taxonomic classifier/profiler that you wish to specify that the taxonomic classifier/profiling tool should use when profiling against this specific database. Can be empty to use taxonomic classifier/profiler defaults. Must not be surrounded by quotes [required]. We generally do not recommend specifying parameters here that turn on/off saving of output files or specifying particular file extensions - this should be already addressed via pipeline parameters. For Bracken databases, must at a minimum contain a `;` separating Kraken2 from Bracken parameters. |

> | `db_type`   | A column to distinguish between short- and long-read databases. If the column is empty, the pipeline will assume all databases (and their settings specified in `db_params`!) will be applicable for both short and long read data [optional].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: @LilyAnderssonLee what are the valid values ehre? `short` `long` and `short;long`?

Reviewer 2: You are right. And the default is `short;long`

| `db_params` | Any parameters of the given taxonomic classifier/profiler that you wish to specify that the taxonomic classifier/profiling tool should use when profiling against this specific database. Can be empty to use taxonomic classifier/profiler defaults. Must not be surrounded by quotes [required]. We generally do not recommend specifying parameters here that turn on/off saving of output files or specifying particular file extensions - this should be already addressed via pipeline parameters. For Bracken databases, must at a minimum contain a `;` separating Kraken2 from Bracken parameters. |

> | `db_type`   | A column to distinguish between short- and long-read databases. If the column is empty, the pipeline will assume all databases (and their settings specified in `db_params`!) will be applicable for both short and long read data [optional].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `db_type`   | An optional column to distinguish between short- and long-read databases. If the column is empty, the pipeline will assume all databases (and their settings specified in `db_params`!) will be applicable for both short and long read data. Possible values: `long`, `short`, or `short;long`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
